1)
This course is a part of whole specialization created by Yandex company and MIPT institution.
It's a part of specialization "Machine learning and Data analysis", the 2 of 6 total.

I'm aiming to pass all the courses in this specialization, and this would offer me a two heavy pros:

1) I will get professional skills, theoretical knowledge & experience.
The creators of this specialization are ones among top teachers and computer scientists in our country (Yandex is the most successful and attractive IT-company (to my mind), MIPT is known as a place with the best teachers (as far as I know from my friends, + it's like a "common knowledge")). I'm taking the first course of this specialization, and it turns to be true - I enjoy it.

2) A good line for the CV.
There's a community of people that offer good opportunities for the graduates of this specialization; it means they offer positions and help to get a job. I think this is a very good option for a young and not-so-experienced graduate like me. I have some contacts who can prove this fact.
Moreover, as was mentioned too, a certificate of such a specialization is a good background for putting into CV when applying for the job. A lot of companies value such certificate and spend more time on candidates with such line.


2) 
As mentioned, I see 2 main reasons to finish this specialization:

1. Knowledge & experience.
The authors of this specialization are among top teachers and computer scientists in our country (Yandex is the most successful and attractive IT-company (to my mind), MIPT is known as a place with the best teachers (as far as I know from my friends, + it's like a "common knowledge")). I'm sure that the courses they offer will have a huge impact on my future career (in a most positive way, of course).

2. A good background for the CV.
I know that there's a community of people that offer good opportunities for the graduates of this specialization; it means they offer positions and help to get a job. I think this is a very good option for a young and not-so-experienced graduate like me.
Moreover, as was mentioned too, a certificate of such a specialization is a good backround for putting into CV whan applying for the job. 
